README.md, before:

# Getting Started
Install the dependencies and run the project
```
npm install
npm start
```

If you want the anthropic AI part to work properly, you need to include your own API key in a .env file with the name VITE_ANTHROPIC_API_KEY
https://beta.pickaxeproject.com/post/how-to-get-your-claude-api-key-a-step-by-step-guide

Head over to https://vitejs.dev/ to learn more about configuring vite
## About Scrimba

At Scrimba our goal is to create the best possible coding school at the cost of a gym membership! 💜
If we succeed with this, it will give anyone who wants to become a software developer a realistic shot at succeeding, regardless of where they live and the size of their wallets 🎉
The Fullstack Developer Path aims to teach you everything you need to become a Junior Developer, or you could take a deep-dive with one of our advanced courses 🚀

- [Our courses](https://scrimba.com/courses)
- [The Frontend Career Path](https://scrimba.com/fullstack-path-c0fullstack)
- [Become a Scrimba Pro member](https://scrimba.com/pricing)

Happy Coding!

Commit message:

Added netlify function in order to hide API key

README.md, after:

# Getting Started
Install the dependencies and run the project
```
npm install
npm run dev
```

If you want the anthropic AI part to work properly, you need to include your own API key in a .env file with the name VITE_ANTHROPIC_API_KEY
https://beta.pickaxeproject.com/post/how-to-get-your-claude-api-key-a-step-by-step-guide

Project currently needs to run with Netlify in order to get the AI functionality to work

Head over to https://vitejs.dev/ to learn more about configuring vite
## About Scrimba

At Scrimba our goal is to create the best possible coding school at the cost of a gym membership! 💜
If we succeed with this, it will give anyone who wants to become a software developer a realistic shot at succeeding, regardless of where they live and the size of their wallets 🎉
The Fullstack Developer Path aims to teach you everything you need to become a Junior Developer, or you could take a deep-dive with one of our advanced courses 🚀

- [Our courses](https://scrimba.com/courses)
- [The Frontend Career Path](https://scrimba.com/fullstack-path-c0fullstack)
- [Become a Scrimba Pro member](https://scrimba.com/pricing)

Happy Coding!
